List of Practice CG Assignments
1.     Write a Program to implement DDA Line drawing algorithm.
2.     Write a Program to implement Bresenham’s Line drawing algorithm.
3.     Write a Program to implement Bresenham’s Circle drawing algorithm.
4.     Write a Program to implement Mid-point Circle drawing algorithm.
5.     Write a Program to draw a face of Teddy bear using midpoint algorithm only.
6.     Write a Program to draw a car using Bresenham’s algorithm only.
7.     Write a Program to implement Flood fill algorithm for a convex polygon. Draw polygon edges by DDA / Bresenham line algorithm.
8.     Write a Program to implement Boundary fill algorithm for a convex polygon. Draw polygon edges by DDA / Bresenham line algorithm.
9.     Write a Program to implement Fence fill algorithm for a concave polygon. Draw polygon edges by DDA / Bresenham line algorithm.
10.    Write a Program to implement Edge fill algorithm for a convex polygon. Draw polygon edges by DDA / Bresenham line algorithm.
11.    Write a Program to implement Scan line fill algorithm for a concave polygon. Draw polygon edges by DDA / Bresenham line algorithm.
12.    Write a Program to implement 2D Scaling and rotation of a triangle.
13.    Write a Program to implement 2D Scaling and translation of a triangle.
14.    Write a Program to implement 2D rotation and translation of a triangle.
15.    Write a C program to show that R(θ1) . R(θ2) = R(θ1 + θ2)
16.    Write a C program to show that R(θ1) . R(θ2) = R(θ2) . R(θ1)
17.    Write a C program to show that two successive translations are additive in nature.
18.    Write a C program to show that two successive rotations are commutative in nature.
19.    Write a C program to show that two successive translations are commutative in nature.
20.    Write a C Program to show that Reflection about a line Y=X is equivalent to reflection relative to X-axis followed by anticlockwise rotation of 900.
21.    Write a Program to implement all type of reflections about X axis and about Y axis of a triangle.
22.    Write a Program to implement all type of reflections about origin and about a line Y = X for a triangle.
23.    Write a Program to implement X and Y shear transformation
24.    Write a Program to implement rotation about arbitrary point.
25.    Write a Program to implement Cohen Sutherland line clipping algorithm.
26.    Write a Program to implement midpoint line clipping algorithm.
27.    Write a Program to implement Sutherland-Hodgeman Polygon clipping algorithm.
28.    Write a Program to implement Generalized Polygon clipping algorithm.
29.    Write a Program to draw a Koch curve upto ‘n’ iterations
30.    Write a Program to draw a Hilbert curve upto ‘n’ iterations.
31.    Write a Program to draw a Bezier curve upto ‘n’ iterations using midpoint method.
32.    Write a Program to draw a coastline using Fractal line upto ‘n’ iterations.
33.    Write a Program to draw a mountain using Fractal surface upto ‘n’ iterations.
34.    Write a program to achieve various animations without using any readymade line or circle function. Use DDA or Bresenham algorithm for implementation of line and circle. ( for sample animations refer attached sheet).